# Basic Information

- Name 吴雨羲
- Major: Graduated from South China Normal University in 2016 in Network Engineering
- GitHub: https://github.com/631068264 
- Personal Website: https://631068264.github.io/
- Gmail: l631068264@gmail.com
- Mobile: 18320011822



# Skills

- Familiar with AIGC development, including fine-tuning in LLMs (ChatGLM, Baichun, Qwen, Llama, etc.) and RAG, as well as Stable Diffusion fine-tuning in Lora. Utilized technologies such as Langchain, Transformers, PyTorch, and vector databases.
- Proficient in cloud-native (k8s) development, with experience in k8s, Rancher, rke, k3s, Kubeflow, Istio, Prometheus, etc. Contributed code to large open-source repositories such as autok3s, Karmada, and Kubeflow (Fairing component). Familiar with eBPF , CIS components like OpenEBS, as well as CNI components like Calico.
- Knowledgeable in TensorFlow, PyTorch, sklearn, pandas, numpy, and have a solid foundation in machine learning.
- Experienced in backend development using Python and Golang.
- Familiar with Spark, ClickHouse, Elasticsearch, NoSQL, Kafka, and other technologies.





# Work Experience



## Guangzhou Zhijing Information Technology Co., Ltd.

From June 2024 until now (probation period)

**Model Deployment Engineer**

Mainly CV-related models

Model inference acceleration, optimizing the inference process and cluster model calculation scheduling.

Performance testing for text-to-image pipeline

- Generate the required test set based on testing objectives
- Record resource usage during the inference process, the time required for each stage, analyze model log information, and other metrics
- Use nsight systems + nvtx to collect GPU usage and utilization, CUDA API, Kernel information, etc. Execute the process with different inference parameters and analyze optimization points.

Technology stack: diffusers, cuda-python, onnx-graphsurgeon, tensorrt

 

## Unicom (Guangdong) Industrial Internet Co., Ltd.

October 2021 - May 2024 

**Software Development Engineer (AIGC  and Cloud Native)**

- AIGC
  - Developed a medical triage AI system for the hospital using Python (LLMs + RAG). The system can introduce the hospital to patients , tech them some medical knowledge, provide Q&A services to patients,  generate educational articles for digital videos  and guide patients to choose a department for register 
  - Develop a question and answer system using Python (LLMs + RAG) that supports various file formats (ppt, pdf, word, txt, json, etc.) based on company materials and documents.
  - Develop ChatBI for analyzing data, generating SQL  and generate reports that summarize the analyzed data .
  - Continuously optimize the quality of RAG (data cleaning, index optimization, question expansion, rewriting, intent analysis, multi-route retrieval, rerank ,prompt optimization, etc.) using libraries such as langchain, transformers, and pytorch.
  - Fine-tuning models to accomplish specific tasks (parameter optimization, distributed training, improving accuracy, etc.), such as information extraction for low-code platforms and train medical LLM.
  - Have experience using inference acceleration frameworks like vLLM，TensorRT for large models.
- Cloud Native
  - Researched some cloud native components like Istio, Karmada, Velero, Rancher, K3s, Prometheus, etc  and developed cloud-edge collaboration platform with Golang
  - Developed an agent for install clusters automatically  and help manger them.
  - A monitoring system using native Kubernetes  and Prometheus APIs . Monitored Kubernetes workload resources, application metrics, etc.
  - Develop a machine learning platform based on Kubeflow + Volcano, allowing AI models to perform inference and training on GPU clusters. Use Istio filters to track AI model invocations.
  - Develop a Kubernetes (k8s) operator to deploy a collaborative platform
  - Implement backup and restoration for clusters or pods.
  
- Besides development tasks, I also take on the role of project management in the project, responsible for project planning, progress control, and team coordination. I have good communication skills and a strong spirit of teamwork, enabling me to efficiently organize the team to complete project tasks.



## Zhuhai Yizhi Safety Technology Co., Ltd.

May 2019 - October 2021

**Backend Developer** 

- Broke up a huge system into microservices using Python for the web APIs gateway and Golang for other services ( probe , cron , traffic and server for monitor) .Dockerized them and used docker-compose. Technologies used: gRPC, Redis , Kafka, MySQL, ClickHouse, Elasticsearch, Logstash.  Used monitoring, rate limiting and circuit breaking between services.
- Worked on backend development and performance optimization of component services. Core system features involved analyzing customer mirroring traffic, generating alerts and attack tracing.
- Dockerized services use CI like Jenkins and reduce docker images size to speed up deployment, reduce costs and simplify installation and upgrades.
- Optimized queries, scaled data storage and switched some processing to incremental caches for efficiency and stability.Solved slow queries and high resource consumption. 



## Guangzhou Meiju Network Technology Co., Ltd.

February 2017 - April 2019

**Data Analyst (Digital Currency Trading Python Development)** 

- Built a distributed crawler to collect real-time and historical trading data for 130+ coins across 19 exchanges. Used Numpy, Pandas, etc.
- Developed a system that analyzes the data to identify trading signals and opportunities across multiple indicators and strategies per coin. Used Numpy, Pandas, Tailib.
- Use Tensorflow to build models to predict trends. The prediction data comes from analysis systems and crawlers.
- Used Supervisor, Fabric and Slack to monitor processes, server resources and restart services. Scripted automated multi-server deployments.



# Internship

## Zhuhai Buka Technology Co., Ltd.

May 2016 - November 2016

**Backend Developer**

- Optimized Logstash processing scripts for ingesting logs, automated table creation with based on date patterns.
- Built a manga management platform with Django, connecting to AWS S3 and handling images.



## Guangzhou Youjiang Human Resources Service Co., Ltd.

July 2015 - March 2016

**Backend Developer** (Java , Python ,backend , front-end and Android)

- After first two months , rewrite the Java server for wechat and apps using Python, which took one month due to the development progress.

-  Developed a webapp for management (backend and front-end)
- Developed two Android apps for student and employer 





# Certificate

Certified Kubernetes Administrator （CKA）